Thank you. Thank you.
Cheng Wan, why did you close the door?
The house is so dark and depressing, it's not closed
It's locked. Isn't there a thief?
Be on guard
What did the chengguan lose? Why didn't you call the police?
Lao Xia's bank card was stolen
But he wouldn't let the police.
He said he was afraid of being embarrassed
You say, it's delicious and delicious.
Did you know such a bad thing?
Make another one.
Didn't you try to give birth?
Unfortunately miscarried
Mom, you stepped on me
You go away
Did you already know that I allowed you to be lower?
Reincarnation is fine
If you have a second child, you will definitely miscarry.
So you reincarnated with your brother early?
Why are you having a miscarriage and ignoring you?
What do you do in summer?
I wouldn't be talented if it wasn't for your hard life
You stupid game
Why do you say that to your mother in the summer?
It's not easy for him to raise you
Delicious citizens
The book has been read into the dog's belly
Are you not afraid of retribution?
Master Zhang, you said
Should I remind Uncle Zhang?
Take his son for a DNA.
After all, his son is not Uncle Zhang's master
Xiaotian, what nonsense are you talking about?
Mom, didn't you say that?
You said that Uncle Zhang's son took a look
It's not Uncle Zhang's seed
He also said that Aunt Zhang said that Uncle Zhang looked like a toad
As soon as you touch him, you will disgust you Zhang Wan
I'm going to rip your mouth apart
Show off day by day how good you are to your daughter
As a result, you dislike your daughter the most
Oh, what do you have to say?
Hello Dr. Chen
Are you really going to give up treatment this summer?
Although the cancer is advanced
But we can try again
Doctor thank you
But
I don't have the money for multiple organ donors like you
If the recipient wishes
Actually more
400,000 too little
How much money do we see?
400,000?
I just 400,000
Said your girl was a thief
So what?
Who doesn't
I know you even dislike your own daughter
I don't know what your daughter has done
Reincarnated into your belly
because
I want my mom back 400,000